layout: page
title: "Terms of Use"
permalink: https://tewhatuora.github.io/tuhiapp/docs/

# Terms of use

Tuhi is a service operated by Health New Zealand - Te Whatu Ora that allows clinicians top produce clinical documentation more efficiently.

These terms apply to the entire contents of Tuhi, to any web feeds produced by Tuhi, and to any feedback or submissions provided through Tuhi. By viewing and using Tuhi, you will be deemed to agree to these Terms of use.

## What you are agreeing to

By accepting these terms, you understand and agree:

-   your age must be 16 years and above to use My Health Record Workforce
    
-   we will act on your instructions without further enquiry if you have successfully logged in
    
-   you must only seek access to records relating to your authorised work, unless you have legal authority to access records about another person, and that additional access is permitted by Tuhi
    
-   to use Tuhi, you must also register for a My Health Account Workforce, and the Terms of Use for My Health Account Workforce will also apply to you – you can access those Terms of Use when you register for a My Health Account Workforce
    
-   you consent to us using your validated My Health Account Workforce so we can access the information we hold and display agreed information to you

- you consent to us using your usage statistics and clinical notes to make the service better for users
    
-   any information you collect or produce using the tool, the information you enter or produce is true and correct  

Your My Health Account Workforce login is confidential. It authenticates your online identity so you can use Tuhi. You must keep the login details you create (email address and password) secure.

By using My Health Record you agree to:

-   notify the My Health Account support team on  [0800 222 478](tel: 0800 222 478)  immediately if you know, or have reason to believe, that there has been or is about to be fraudulent or other unlawful use of your login.
    
-   immediately change your password and notify the My Health Account support team on  [0800 222 478](tel: 0800 222 478)  if you believe the security of your password has been compromised or if you are aware of any unauthorised use of your My Health Account login.
    

Anyone who knowingly accesses or uses, or attempts to access or use, Tuhi or My Health Account Workforce for an unlawful purpose (including, but not limited to, misrepresentation, fraud or attempted fraud or hacking or attempted hacking) may be liable to prosecution under New Zealand Law.

If you would like support using My Health Record email  [innovation@tewhatuora.govt.nz](mailto:innovation@tewhatuora.govt.nz).

## Disclaimer

Except where we have an explicit legal obligation under New Zealand legislation we disclaim and exclude all liability for any claim, loss, demand, or damages of any kind whatsoever (including for negligence) arising out of or in connection with the use of My Health Account Workforce, Tuhi, or the information, any content generated by use of Tuhi  or any website we link to.

It is your responsibility to provide accurate information. We are entitled to rely, without making further inquiry, on information provided by you or any third party you choose to interact with through this Service without making further inquiry.

## Continuity of service

We will make reasonable efforts to always keep Tuhi operational. We make no warranty or representation, express or implied, as to continuity of the service.

We reserve the right to suspend, terminate, or alter access to some or all of the services at any time and without notice if we consider that:

-   this is necessary to maintain the integrity or security of Tuhi or related services;
    
-   your login is being misused or has otherwise been compromised; or
    
-   you breach these terms;
    
-   we decide to remove or reduce the services available.
    

## Changes to the terms of use

We may revise these terms of use at any time. Revisions take effect when published to our website.

## Security

You must not modify, distribute, alter, tamper with, repair, or otherwise create derivative works of Tuhi unless expressly permitted.

You must not reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile Tuhi or apply any other process or procedure to derive the source code of any software included in the services (except to the extent applicable law does not allow this restriction).

Tuhi has been, and will continue to be, subjected to independent security audits. If you discover a potential security vulnerability or suspect a security incident related to this service, email to  [itsecurity@identity.health.nz](mailto:%20itsecurity@identity.health.nz), or by following the disclosure process on  [cert.govt.nz(external link and opens in new tab)](https://www.cert.govt.nz/)

Terms of Service last updated **25 July 2024**
